README.md, before:

# at-is-where-its-at

A collection of AT Protocol projects. Pull requests welcome!

Maintained by Andrew Young ([@skee.to](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:aujkwexvmmcaf77yfxcuitql)):

* [**skee.to**](https://skee.to/) - a Bluesky one-pager with quick tips and links, hopefully helpful with onboarding
* [young.me](https://young.me/) - my personal website

Other collections:

* [AT Protocol Ecosystem, Community Edition](https://elboraisoftware.notion.site/AT-Protocol-Ecosystem-Community-Edition-539ddf893cf34243b548a3b66fc72b53) by Sam ([@sam.elborai.me](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/xzbxk3nhyl7a2driyekioeq3))
* [Awesome ATProto](https://github.com/beeman/awesome-atproto) by beeman ([@beeman.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/6ja57ulh4zigaqak5y4t7ogl))

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/andryou/at-is-where-its-at.svg)](https://github.com/andryou/at-is-where-its-at/blob/main/license.txt)
[![repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/andryou/at-is-where-its-at.svg)](https://github.com/andryou/at-is-where-its-at)
[![contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/andryou/at-is-where-its-at.svg)](https://github.com/andryou/at-is-where-its-at/graphs/contributors)
[![last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/andryou/at-is-where-its-at.svg)](https://github.com/andryou/at-is-where-its-at/commits/main)
[![commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/andryou/at-is-where-its-at.svg)](https://github.com/andryou/at-is-where-its-at/commits/main)

## Services

🔒 = Login required (app password recommended)

| Name | Description | Author | Links |
| ---------------- | ---- | ------- | ------------ |
[@handle and did:plc Tracker](https://plc-handle-tracker.kpherox.dev/) | Check handle and did:plc history for users | [kPherox](https://github.com/kphrx) | [Repo](https://github.com/kphrx/plc-handle-tracker)
[Blue Skies Ahead](https://blue-skies-ahead.glitch.me/) | Visualize the Bluesky firehose | Gautham ([@gautham.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/sqhiuhi54wjzwsglrduhwxm6)) | [Repo](https://glitch.com/~blue-skies-ahead)
[BSky Atlas](https://bsky.jazco.dev/) | Engagement-based social graph | Jaz ([@jaz.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:q6gjnaw2blty4crticxkmujt)) | [Repo](https://github.com/ericvolp12/bsky-graph)
[Bsky Team Check](https://bsky-team-check.mozzius.dev/) | See how many of the bsky team are following you | Samuel ([@mozzius.dev](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:p2cp5gopk7mgjegy6wadk3ep)) | [Repo](https://github.com/mozzius/bsky-team-check)
[Bluesky Hugfairy 🔒](https://bsky-hugfairy.vercel.app/) | Send hugs to anyone on BlueSky | Haider Ali Punjabi ([@haider.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:sjp7tdeiw5wvgdb4h2xts4sq)) | [Repo](https://github.com/haideralipunjabi/bluesky-hugfairy)
[Bluesky Posts Heatmap Generator 🔒](https://bluesky-heatmap.fly.dev/) | Generates GitHub-like heatmaps for your posting frequency | alice ([@alice.bsky.sh](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:by3jhwdqgbtrcc7q4tkkv3cf)) | [Repo](https://github.com/aliceisjustplaying/bluesky-heatmap)
[BlueSky Spaces 🔒](https://www.skyspaces.net/) | Social audio and interactive real-time experience service | Justin ([@geeken.tv](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:lbjhpk3a473cuufkenjcer3v)) | [Testflight](https://testflight.apple.com/join/lojfUai9)
[Bluestream](https://bluestream.deno.dev/) | RSS feed generator for Bluesky | カワリミ人形 ([@kawarimidoll.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:okalufxun5rpqzdrwf5bpu3d)) | [Repo](https://github.com/kawarimidoll/bluestream)
[Firesky](https://firesky.tv/) | Watch every Bluesky post/reply stream by in real-time | John Spurlock ([@johnspurlock.com](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:mceyt3qjswifxtikqqwvnnge)) | 
[Follow The Sky 🔒](https://gggdomi.github.io/follow-the-sky/) | Find again in Bluesky people you follow on Twitter | Guillaume Dominici ([@sengui.dev](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:5byrvyxgtuh6r3gxwpudq4gv)) | [Repo](https://github.com/gggdomi/follow-the-sky) 
[Fuselage 🔒](https://fuselage.ibro.xyz/) | Sorts your skyline by authors and lets you pick which you want to see | sameoldlab ([@ibro.xyz](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:ukgwapa3bceculh4cobcopg3)) | [Repo](https://github.com/sameoldlab/fuselage)
[hotpicz 🔒](https://breakgimme.github.io/hotpicz) | See all the images that are currently hot on bluesky in one place | ‮emmigkaerb ([@piwo.rocks](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:5uvaelr7zsxyig6vmpih2n5y)) | [Repo](https://github.com/breakgimme/hotpicz)
[isblueskydown.com](https://isblueskydown.com) | Check if Bluesky is down or if it's just you | Andrew Young ([@skee.to](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:aujkwexvmmcaf77yfxcuitql)) | 
[Show my likes!](https://handlerug.github.io/bluesky-liked-posts/) | Enter your handle and get a list of the profile's liked posts | Umar Getagazov ([@handlerug.me](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:uowmeg4dqtanpmjuknadqjqc)) | [Repo](https://github.com/handlerug/bluesky-liked-posts)
[Skyline 🔒](https://skyline.gay/) | Bring-your-own-algorithm for the Timeline | Louis ([@louis02x.com](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:g74nxoyriqoo7jyclzlqkbj2)) | [Repo](https://github.com/louislva/skyline)
[Skyname 🔒](https://skyna.me/) | Free, unique usernames for Bluesky | William ([@darn.fish](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:7qw3ldjppmwmtjoak3egctdb)) | 
[Skypulse](https://skypulse.dvy.io/) | A Bluesky firehose viewer | Davey Barker ([@dvy.io](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/4n5sqh66xpvizuhn42rdfmfm)) | 

🔒 = Login required (app password recommended)

## Bot Accounts

| Name | Description | Type | Author | Links |
| ---------------- | ------------ | ---- | ------- | ------- |
[@alt-text.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:ck5xa2cgd3negu6usqedzjbf) | Uses OCR to extract the text and reply with the OCR'd text as alt text | Auto-responses (mention) | Holden Foreman ([@holden.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:tzq3i67wnarn6x2kbjcprnfx)) | [Repo](https://github.com/hs4man21/bluesky-alt-text-ocr)
[@catgirlgpt.ai](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:55a3jjlxnshlwoyyeieucn6d) | A catgirl botsonality for the skyline powered by GPT | Auto-responses (mention) | Ascended NPC Alex ([@lastnpcalex.com](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:ccxl3ictrlvtrrgh5swvvg47)) | 
[@craigweekend.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:zcmchxw2gxlbincrchpdjopq) | Daniel Craig reminds you that The Weekend is here, every Friday evening at 7:00pm Eastern | Recurring (Fri @ 7:00pm ET) | Andrew Young ([@skee.to](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:aujkwexvmmcaf77yfxcuitql)) | 
[@earthquake.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:oga3ylymphrqdxb3nvjgm23y) | Posts 5.0+ magnitude earthquakes around the world | Recurring | Emily ([@emily.bsky.team](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:vjug55kidv6sye7ykr5faxxn)) | [Repo](https://github.com/emilyliu7321/bsky-earthquake-bot/)
[@elonjet.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:62cuohm6c6nefpnw4uujepty) | Tracking Elon Musk’s Jet | Recurring | Jack Sweeney ([@jacks.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:at2e7q6kwfhdwv7267mjsflz)) | 
[@emojiaquarium.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:jsfqqy7p34wxeqycehtdellg) | Posts tiny aquariums with interesting fish | Recurring | Joe Sondow ([@joesondow.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:rdhxknv734psdfni7t75tdes)) | 
[@emojimeadow.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:o26gwehycp46t2ogiwzfg4cn) | Posts tiny meadows full of grass and flowers | Recurring | Joe Sondow ([@joesondow.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:rdhxknv734psdfni7t75tdes)) | 
[@gpt.cackles.xyz](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:6npiqubbks2wqhnes7pribw7) | Bot with multiple personalities | Auto-responses | cackles ([@cackles.xyz](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:a7xcmds5odtvl6wpqx3jo63l)) | 
[@insultbot.galanter.net](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:haf6abearaqx3bn7nfxc6yau) | Delivering insults at regular intervals in 4 styles from Shakespearian to modern rude | Recurring / Auto-responses (mention) | Comfortably Numb ([@ygalanter.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:pmyqirafcp3jqdhrl7crpq7t)) | [Repo](https://github.com/ygalanter/FloydHourly.Bluesky)
[@intern.goose.art](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:jlqiqmhalnu5af3pf56jryei) | Responds with geese or frog images | Auto-responses (`/honk`, `/ribbit`) | business goose ([@goose.art](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:hsqwcidfez66lwm3gxhfv5in)) | 
[@picardtips.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:2n3xtke7uu4kc5sl26bq3msl) | Picard management tips | Recurring | Joe Sondow ([@joesondow.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:rdhxknv734psdfni7t75tdes)) | 
[@pinkfloyd.galanter.net](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:eqjneqhpra7nkgu5n6ekplxd) | Posting one-liners from Pink Floyd lyrics every couple hours to help you get through the day | Recurring / Auto-responses (mention) | Comfortably Numb ([@ygalanter.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:pmyqirafcp3jqdhrl7crpq7t)) | [Repo](https://github.com/ygalanter/FloydHourly.Bluesky)
[@poll.blue](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:4nt6nwx353a3xxo5mzjiy4ha) | A polling app for Bluesky | Auto-responses (mention) | epistemic horse ([@epistemic.horse](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:3rpxqcxyf5aqs3s7jpd36gbm)) | [Repo](https://github.com/epistemichorse/poll.blue)
[@rikergoogling.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:snhe2oxrn74k3m24ffw2mfie) | Riker accidentally posting search terms | Recurring | Joe Sondow ([@joesondow.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:rdhxknv734psdfni7t75tdes)) | 
[@skies.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:fbu3venqgy5vyi2hydjncug5) | What’s happening in the big blue sky? | Recurring | Emily ([@emily.bsky.team](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:vjug55kidv6sye7ykr5faxxn)) | [Repo](https://github.com/emilyliu7321/bluesky-emoji-bot)
[@spells.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:lpllusqzlkopqm7pvbi4go5s) | Spells every hour. Cast them wisely | Recurring | michael ([@mikuhl.me](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:6f2lm6ma2dlnmdss3pf65gnd)) | [Repo](https://github.com/MichaelPriebe/emoji-spells-bot)
[@splatoon3.ink](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:khik6vek4ferwhhg2ymtta3w) | Splatoon 3 map rotations, Salmon Run schedules, SplatNet gear, and more | Recurring | ike ([@ike.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:lf2rlq4duoer7zi3lltol54g)) | 
[@thursaconcept.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:alrumxt2a56ek5b57w2c3unv) | Posts a screencap every Thursday at 10:00am Eastern from the Netflix series Russian Doll | Recurring (Thu @ 10:00am ET) | Andrew Young ([@skee.to](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:aujkwexvmmcaf77yfxcuitql)) | 

## Clients

🔒 = Login required (app password recommended)

| Name | Description | Author | Links |
| ---------------- | ---- | ------- | --------------- |
[Bluesky for Raycast 🔒](https://www.raycast.com/dharamkapila/bluesky) | Browse through your Bluesky timeline. Create new posts, find people, and view your notifications | Dharam Kapila ([@dharam.bsky.socia](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:qqoncpemipyncukz3esxjcbg)) | 
[Graysky 🔒](https://graysky.app/) | A custom client for iOS and Android, written in React Native | Samuel ([@mozzius.dev](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:p2cp5gopk7mgjegy6wadk3ep)) | [Repo](https://github.com/mozzius/graysky)
[Kite 🔒](https://kite.black/) | Better BlueSky Client | Arta ([@arta.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:cqednx7rqstpsgdgec4byd6g)) | 
Moot 🔒 | A native iOS client for Bluesky | frye ([@frye.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:llxv5lbax2ggrgov4n2ew2or)) | [Testflight](https://testflight.apple.com/join/PWzzz0zi)
[Seiun 🔒](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.github.akiomik.seiun&pcampaignid=pcampaignidMKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1) | Android client for Bluesky, written in Kotlin with Jetpack Compose, Retrofit2 and Material3 | 鎌倉/kamakura ([@omi.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:j5cxpczcvzajlxhfuq7abivp)) | [Repo](https://github.com/akiomik/seiun)
[TOKIMEKI Bluesky 🔒](https://tokimekibluesky.vercel.app/) | A bluesky web client with simple UI and various functions | ほりべあ ([@holybea.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:hiptcrt4k63szzz4ty3dhwcp)) | [Repo](https://github.com/spuithori/tokimekibluesky)

🔒 = Login required (app password recommended)

## Browser Extensions

🔒 = Login required (app password recommended)

| Name | Description | Author | Links |
| ---------------- | ---- | ------- | --------------- |
Bluesky Overhaul ([Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bluesky-overhaul/cllpkmbebfmadmkkpplnaaffnhjjpgbi) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/bluesky-overhaul/)) | Improves UI and UX for Bluesky web app | Phil Filippak ([@blisstweeting.ingroup.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:ihbptowbt4tkcjqespanfbez)) | [Repo](https://github.com/xenohunter/bluesky-overhaul)
[Blueswan (Chrome)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/blueswan/cnenmkcimleaeklmeflfnejicbhndlko) | Sky without annoying numbers | カワリミ人形 ([@kawarimidoll.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:okalufxun5rpqzdrwf5bpu3d)) | 
[OmniATP 🔒 (Chrome)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/omniatp/ngfefjjphfmafhmhbpjccedmkbbcmngf) | Create a post from Chrome's URL bar | CodingFeline ([@codingfeline.com](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:64nvfmwx7tqzr7i7bq5woiby)) | [Repo](https://github.com/yshrsmz/omniatp)

🔒 = Login required (app password recommended)

## Technical Stuff

Everything below is **more technical**, continue reading if code tickles your fancy:

### Implementations

| Name | Language | Description | Author |
| ---------------- | ---- | ---- | ------- |
[arroba](https://github.com/snarfed/arroba) | Python | Includes Merkle search tree, repo with commits and records, and com.atproto.sync XRPC methods | Ryan ([@snarfed.org](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:fdme4gb7mu7zrie7peay7tst))
[bskyrb](https://github.com/ShreyanJain9/bskyrb/) | Ruby | Ruby Gem for interacting with BlueSky/AT Protocol | Shreyan Jain ([@shreyanjain.net](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:bnqkww7bjxaacajzvu5gswdf))
[DAG-JSON](https://github.com/snarfed/dag-json) | Python | Implementation of the IPLD DAG-JSON codec, which AT Protocol uses to encode PDS repo nodes | Ryan ([@snarfed.org](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:fdme4gb7mu7zrie7peay7tst))
[JS/TS Starter Kit](https://github.com/aliceisjustplaying/atproto-starter-kit) | JavaScript | Starter repo for projects using the atproto api (bluesky) | alice ([@alice.bsky.sh](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:by3jhwdqgbtrcc7q4tkkv3cf))
[lexrpc](https://github.com/snarfed/lexrpc) | Python | Implementation of AT Protocol's XRPC and Lexicon, including client, server, and Flask handler integration | Ryan ([@snarfed.org](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:fdme4gb7mu7zrie7peay7tst))

### Code Snippets

| Name | Language | Author |
| ---------------- | ---- | ------- |
[List of all the people you invited](https://gist.github.com/aliceisjustplaying/4043e55a3afbff2a883a88c9b66c2bf8) | Bash | alice ([@alice.bsky.sh](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:by3jhwdqgbtrcc7q4tkkv3cf))
[List of the first 100 people you muted](https://gist.github.com/aliceisjustplaying/45d974bf4b454033f5b55dfa7bcfe086) | Bash | alice ([@alice.bsky.sh](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:by3jhwdqgbtrcc7q4tkkv3cf))

### Other

| Name | Description | Author |
| ---------------- | ---- | ------- |
[ATProto Dev server in a Docker container](https://github.com/beeman/atproto-local) | The container downloads the atproto repo, does a yarn install and starts the dev server | beeman ([@beeman.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/6ja57ulh4zigaqak5y4t7ogl))
[blueskyfirehose](https://github.com/CharlesDardaman/blueskyfirehose) | Simple golang firehose for Bluesky | Charles ([@charles.dardaman.com](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/ibuqevx5au345anhlfeneo2m))

Commit message:

Add Bot => @whatsmid.bsky.social

README.md, after:

# at-is-where-its-at

A collection of AT Protocol projects. Pull requests welcome!

Maintained by Andrew Young ([@skee.to](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:aujkwexvmmcaf77yfxcuitql)):

* [**skee.to**](https://skee.to/) - a Bluesky one-pager with quick tips and links, hopefully helpful with onboarding
* [young.me](https://young.me/) - my personal website

Other collections:

* [AT Protocol Ecosystem, Community Edition](https://elboraisoftware.notion.site/AT-Protocol-Ecosystem-Community-Edition-539ddf893cf34243b548a3b66fc72b53) by Sam ([@sam.elborai.me](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/xzbxk3nhyl7a2driyekioeq3))
* [Awesome ATProto](https://github.com/beeman/awesome-atproto) by beeman ([@beeman.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/6ja57ulh4zigaqak5y4t7ogl))

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/andryou/at-is-where-its-at.svg)](https://github.com/andryou/at-is-where-its-at/blob/main/license.txt)
[![repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/andryou/at-is-where-its-at.svg)](https://github.com/andryou/at-is-where-its-at)
[![contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/andryou/at-is-where-its-at.svg)](https://github.com/andryou/at-is-where-its-at/graphs/contributors)
[![last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/andryou/at-is-where-its-at.svg)](https://github.com/andryou/at-is-where-its-at/commits/main)
[![commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/andryou/at-is-where-its-at.svg)](https://github.com/andryou/at-is-where-its-at/commits/main)

## Services

🔒 = Login required (app password recommended)

| Name | Description | Author | Links |
| ---------------- | ---- | ------- | ------------ |
[@handle and did:plc Tracker](https://plc-handle-tracker.kpherox.dev/) | Check handle and did:plc history for users | [kPherox](https://github.com/kphrx) | [Repo](https://github.com/kphrx/plc-handle-tracker)
[Blue Skies Ahead](https://blue-skies-ahead.glitch.me/) | Visualize the Bluesky firehose | Gautham ([@gautham.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/sqhiuhi54wjzwsglrduhwxm6)) | [Repo](https://glitch.com/~blue-skies-ahead)
[BSky Atlas](https://bsky.jazco.dev/) | Engagement-based social graph | Jaz ([@jaz.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:q6gjnaw2blty4crticxkmujt)) | [Repo](https://github.com/ericvolp12/bsky-graph)
[Bsky Team Check](https://bsky-team-check.mozzius.dev/) | See how many of the bsky team are following you | Samuel ([@mozzius.dev](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:p2cp5gopk7mgjegy6wadk3ep)) | [Repo](https://github.com/mozzius/bsky-team-check)
[Bluesky Hugfairy 🔒](https://bsky-hugfairy.vercel.app/) | Send hugs to anyone on BlueSky | Haider Ali Punjabi ([@haider.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:sjp7tdeiw5wvgdb4h2xts4sq)) | [Repo](https://github.com/haideralipunjabi/bluesky-hugfairy)
[Bluesky Posts Heatmap Generator 🔒](https://bluesky-heatmap.fly.dev/) | Generates GitHub-like heatmaps for your posting frequency | alice ([@alice.bsky.sh](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:by3jhwdqgbtrcc7q4tkkv3cf)) | [Repo](https://github.com/aliceisjustplaying/bluesky-heatmap)
[BlueSky Spaces 🔒](https://www.skyspaces.net/) | Social audio and interactive real-time experience service | Justin ([@geeken.tv](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:lbjhpk3a473cuufkenjcer3v)) | [Testflight](https://testflight.apple.com/join/lojfUai9)
[Bluestream](https://bluestream.deno.dev/) | RSS feed generator for Bluesky | カワリミ人形 ([@kawarimidoll.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:okalufxun5rpqzdrwf5bpu3d)) | [Repo](https://github.com/kawarimidoll/bluestream)
[Firesky](https://firesky.tv/) | Watch every Bluesky post/reply stream by in real-time | John Spurlock ([@johnspurlock.com](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:mceyt3qjswifxtikqqwvnnge)) | 
[Follow The Sky 🔒](https://gggdomi.github.io/follow-the-sky/) | Find again in Bluesky people you follow on Twitter | Guillaume Dominici ([@sengui.dev](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:5byrvyxgtuh6r3gxwpudq4gv)) | [Repo](https://github.com/gggdomi/follow-the-sky) 
[Fuselage 🔒](https://fuselage.ibro.xyz/) | Sorts your skyline by authors and lets you pick which you want to see | sameoldlab ([@ibro.xyz](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:ukgwapa3bceculh4cobcopg3)) | [Repo](https://github.com/sameoldlab/fuselage)
[hotpicz 🔒](https://breakgimme.github.io/hotpicz) | See all the images that are currently hot on bluesky in one place | ‮emmigkaerb ([@piwo.rocks](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:5uvaelr7zsxyig6vmpih2n5y)) | [Repo](https://github.com/breakgimme/hotpicz)
[isblueskydown.com](https://isblueskydown.com) | Check if Bluesky is down or if it's just you | Andrew Young ([@skee.to](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:aujkwexvmmcaf77yfxcuitql)) | 
[Show my likes!](https://handlerug.github.io/bluesky-liked-posts/) | Enter your handle and get a list of the profile's liked posts | Umar Getagazov ([@handlerug.me](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:uowmeg4dqtanpmjuknadqjqc)) | [Repo](https://github.com/handlerug/bluesky-liked-posts)
[Skyline 🔒](https://skyline.gay/) | Bring-your-own-algorithm for the Timeline | Louis ([@louis02x.com](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:g74nxoyriqoo7jyclzlqkbj2)) | [Repo](https://github.com/louislva/skyline)
[Skyname 🔒](https://skyna.me/) | Free, unique usernames for Bluesky | William ([@darn.fish](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:7qw3ldjppmwmtjoak3egctdb)) | 
[Skypulse](https://skypulse.dvy.io/) | A Bluesky firehose viewer | Davey Barker ([@dvy.io](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/4n5sqh66xpvizuhn42rdfmfm)) | 

🔒 = Login required (app password recommended)

## Bot Accounts

| Name | Description | Type | Author | Links |
| ---------------- | ------------ | ---- | ------- | ------- |
[@alt-text.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:ck5xa2cgd3negu6usqedzjbf) | Uses OCR to extract the text and reply with the OCR'd text as alt text | Auto-responses (mention) | Holden Foreman ([@holden.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:tzq3i67wnarn6x2kbjcprnfx)) | [Repo](https://github.com/hs4man21/bluesky-alt-text-ocr)
[@catgirlgpt.ai](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:55a3jjlxnshlwoyyeieucn6d) | A catgirl botsonality for the skyline powered by GPT | Auto-responses (mention) | Ascended NPC Alex ([@lastnpcalex.com](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:ccxl3ictrlvtrrgh5swvvg47)) | 
[@craigweekend.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:zcmchxw2gxlbincrchpdjopq) | Daniel Craig reminds you that The Weekend is here, every Friday evening at 7:00pm Eastern | Recurring (Fri @ 7:00pm ET) | Andrew Young ([@skee.to](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:aujkwexvmmcaf77yfxcuitql)) | 
[@earthquake.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:oga3ylymphrqdxb3nvjgm23y) | Posts 5.0+ magnitude earthquakes around the world | Recurring | Emily ([@emily.bsky.team](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:vjug55kidv6sye7ykr5faxxn)) | [Repo](https://github.com/emilyliu7321/bsky-earthquake-bot/)
[@elonjet.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:62cuohm6c6nefpnw4uujepty) | Tracking Elon Musk’s Jet | Recurring | Jack Sweeney ([@jacks.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:at2e7q6kwfhdwv7267mjsflz)) | 
[@emojiaquarium.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:jsfqqy7p34wxeqycehtdellg) | Posts tiny aquariums with interesting fish | Recurring | Joe Sondow ([@joesondow.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:rdhxknv734psdfni7t75tdes)) | 
[@emojimeadow.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:o26gwehycp46t2ogiwzfg4cn) | Posts tiny meadows full of grass and flowers | Recurring | Joe Sondow ([@joesondow.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:rdhxknv734psdfni7t75tdes)) | 
[@gpt.cackles.xyz](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:6npiqubbks2wqhnes7pribw7) | Bot with multiple personalities | Auto-responses | cackles ([@cackles.xyz](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:a7xcmds5odtvl6wpqx3jo63l)) | 
[@insultbot.galanter.net](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:haf6abearaqx3bn7nfxc6yau) | Delivering insults at regular intervals in 4 styles from Shakespearian to modern rude | Recurring / Auto-responses (mention) | Comfortably Numb ([@ygalanter.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:pmyqirafcp3jqdhrl7crpq7t)) | [Repo](https://github.com/ygalanter/FloydHourly.Bluesky)
[@intern.goose.art](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:jlqiqmhalnu5af3pf56jryei) | Responds with geese or frog images | Auto-responses (`/honk`, `/ribbit`) | business goose ([@goose.art](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:hsqwcidfez66lwm3gxhfv5in)) | 
[@picardtips.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:2n3xtke7uu4kc5sl26bq3msl) | Picard management tips | Recurring | Joe Sondow ([@joesondow.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:rdhxknv734psdfni7t75tdes)) | 
[@pinkfloyd.galanter.net](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:eqjneqhpra7nkgu5n6ekplxd) | Posting one-liners from Pink Floyd lyrics every couple hours to help you get through the day | Recurring / Auto-responses (mention) | Comfortably Numb ([@ygalanter.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:pmyqirafcp3jqdhrl7crpq7t)) | [Repo](https://github.com/ygalanter/FloydHourly.Bluesky)
[@poll.blue](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:4nt6nwx353a3xxo5mzjiy4ha) | A polling app for Bluesky | Auto-responses (mention) | epistemic horse ([@epistemic.horse](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:3rpxqcxyf5aqs3s7jpd36gbm)) | [Repo](https://github.com/epistemichorse/poll.blue)
[@rikergoogling.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:snhe2oxrn74k3m24ffw2mfie) | Riker accidentally posting search terms | Recurring | Joe Sondow ([@joesondow.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:rdhxknv734psdfni7t75tdes)) | 
[@skies.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:fbu3venqgy5vyi2hydjncug5) | What’s happening in the big blue sky? | Recurring | Emily ([@emily.bsky.team](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:vjug55kidv6sye7ykr5faxxn)) | [Repo](https://github.com/emilyliu7321/bluesky-emoji-bot)
[@spells.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:lpllusqzlkopqm7pvbi4go5s) | Spells every hour. Cast them wisely | Recurring | michael ([@mikuhl.me](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:6f2lm6ma2dlnmdss3pf65gnd)) | [Repo](https://github.com/MichaelPriebe/emoji-spells-bot)
[@splatoon3.ink](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:khik6vek4ferwhhg2ymtta3w) | Splatoon 3 map rotations, Salmon Run schedules, SplatNet gear, and more | Recurring | ike ([@ike.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:lf2rlq4duoer7zi3lltol54g)) | 
[@thursaconcept.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:alrumxt2a56ek5b57w2c3unv) | Posts a screencap every Thursday at 10:00am Eastern from the Netflix series Russian Doll | Recurring (Thu @ 10:00am ET) | Andrew Young ([@skee.to](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:aujkwexvmmcaf77yfxcuitql)) | 
[@whatsmid.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:iw47x7htlvpkbbizqn2sgnks) | Reposts posts by followers which are close to making it to the What's Hot feed | Auto-reposts | Tom ([@tomh.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:jas7436s6tmtuodknhtovyjo)) | 

## Clients

🔒 = Login required (app password recommended)

| Name | Description | Author | Links |
| ---------------- | ---- | ------- | --------------- |
[Bluesky for Raycast 🔒](https://www.raycast.com/dharamkapila/bluesky) | Browse through your Bluesky timeline. Create new posts, find people, and view your notifications | Dharam Kapila ([@dharam.bsky.socia](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:qqoncpemipyncukz3esxjcbg)) | 
[Graysky 🔒](https://graysky.app/) | A custom client for iOS and Android, written in React Native | Samuel ([@mozzius.dev](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:p2cp5gopk7mgjegy6wadk3ep)) | [Repo](https://github.com/mozzius/graysky)
[Kite 🔒](https://kite.black/) | Better BlueSky Client | Arta ([@arta.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:cqednx7rqstpsgdgec4byd6g)) | 
Moot 🔒 | A native iOS client for Bluesky | frye ([@frye.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:llxv5lbax2ggrgov4n2ew2or)) | [Testflight](https://testflight.apple.com/join/PWzzz0zi)
[Seiun 🔒](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.github.akiomik.seiun&pcampaignid=pcampaignidMKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1) | Android client for Bluesky, written in Kotlin with Jetpack Compose, Retrofit2 and Material3 | 鎌倉/kamakura ([@omi.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:j5cxpczcvzajlxhfuq7abivp)) | [Repo](https://github.com/akiomik/seiun)
[TOKIMEKI Bluesky 🔒](https://tokimekibluesky.vercel.app/) | A bluesky web client with simple UI and various functions | ほりべあ ([@holybea.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:hiptcrt4k63szzz4ty3dhwcp)) | [Repo](https://github.com/spuithori/tokimekibluesky)

🔒 = Login required (app password recommended)

## Browser Extensions

🔒 = Login required (app password recommended)

| Name | Description | Author | Links |
| ---------------- | ---- | ------- | --------------- |
Bluesky Overhaul ([Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bluesky-overhaul/cllpkmbebfmadmkkpplnaaffnhjjpgbi) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/bluesky-overhaul/)) | Improves UI and UX for Bluesky web app | Phil Filippak ([@blisstweeting.ingroup.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:ihbptowbt4tkcjqespanfbez)) | [Repo](https://github.com/xenohunter/bluesky-overhaul)
[Blueswan (Chrome)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/blueswan/cnenmkcimleaeklmeflfnejicbhndlko) | Sky without annoying numbers | カワリミ人形 ([@kawarimidoll.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:okalufxun5rpqzdrwf5bpu3d)) | 
[OmniATP 🔒 (Chrome)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/omniatp/ngfefjjphfmafhmhbpjccedmkbbcmngf) | Create a post from Chrome's URL bar | CodingFeline ([@codingfeline.com](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:64nvfmwx7tqzr7i7bq5woiby)) | [Repo](https://github.com/yshrsmz/omniatp)

🔒 = Login required (app password recommended)

## Technical Stuff

Everything below is **more technical**, continue reading if code tickles your fancy:

### Implementations

| Name | Language | Description | Author |
| ---------------- | ---- | ---- | ------- |
[arroba](https://github.com/snarfed/arroba) | Python | Includes Merkle search tree, repo with commits and records, and com.atproto.sync XRPC methods | Ryan ([@snarfed.org](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:fdme4gb7mu7zrie7peay7tst))
[bskyrb](https://github.com/ShreyanJain9/bskyrb/) | Ruby | Ruby Gem for interacting with BlueSky/AT Protocol | Shreyan Jain ([@shreyanjain.net](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:bnqkww7bjxaacajzvu5gswdf))
[DAG-JSON](https://github.com/snarfed/dag-json) | Python | Implementation of the IPLD DAG-JSON codec, which AT Protocol uses to encode PDS repo nodes | Ryan ([@snarfed.org](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:fdme4gb7mu7zrie7peay7tst))
[JS/TS Starter Kit](https://github.com/aliceisjustplaying/atproto-starter-kit) | JavaScript | Starter repo for projects using the atproto api (bluesky) | alice ([@alice.bsky.sh](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:by3jhwdqgbtrcc7q4tkkv3cf))
[lexrpc](https://github.com/snarfed/lexrpc) | Python | Implementation of AT Protocol's XRPC and Lexicon, including client, server, and Flask handler integration | Ryan ([@snarfed.org](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:fdme4gb7mu7zrie7peay7tst))

### Code Snippets

| Name | Language | Author |
| ---------------- | ---- | ------- |
[List of all the people you invited](https://gist.github.com/aliceisjustplaying/4043e55a3afbff2a883a88c9b66c2bf8) | Bash | alice ([@alice.bsky.sh](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:by3jhwdqgbtrcc7q4tkkv3cf))
[List of the first 100 people you muted](https://gist.github.com/aliceisjustplaying/45d974bf4b454033f5b55dfa7bcfe086) | Bash | alice ([@alice.bsky.sh](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/did:plc:by3jhwdqgbtrcc7q4tkkv3cf))

### Other

| Name | Description | Author |
| ---------------- | ---- | ------- |
[ATProto Dev server in a Docker container](https://github.com/beeman/atproto-local) | The container downloads the atproto repo, does a yarn install and starts the dev server | beeman ([@beeman.bsky.social](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/6ja57ulh4zigaqak5y4t7ogl))
[blueskyfirehose](https://github.com/CharlesDardaman/blueskyfirehose) | Simple golang firehose for Bluesky | Charles ([@charles.dardaman.com](https://staging.bsky.app/profile/ibuqevx5au345anhlfeneo2m))
